[Music]
have you ever heard of haptics it is a
type of nonverbal communication through
touch no date by social psychologists
specialists say that a lot can be told
about a couple by simply looking at how
they behave around each other for
example while taking a walk it seems
unbelievable right here's an unusual
test which will tell you the truth about
your relationship all you have to do is
pick the couple that you think looks the
happiest have a closer look at these
seven pictures and I'll give you 10
seconds to think
ready there now let's check the meaning
of the picture you've picked up image
number one within your couple the woman
is proud of her partner and wants to
tell the world about it she is
independent takes care of herself and
does not care what society thinks the
man belongs to the committed type he
values the relationship and is dedicated
to consistently working on it
the motto of your relationship is real
openness to each other
image number two behind every great man
is a great woman
this saying perfectly describes your
relationship it is the woman who pays
attention to important things and does
not let her man be in the dark she helps
him concentrate on things that need
attentive care at the moment with her
support the man can go very far
image number three certainly in your
relationship the guy is the ultimate
leader guiding the way he is responsible
and a little short-tempered for his
partner balances his trait with her
calmness and peacefulness your motto is
he holds us both she holds the balance
image number four this independent
trusting hug suggests that the man wants
to protect his woman from any trouble
and support her in all her endeavors one
can only admire you too
since mutual respect and unconditional
trust are the basis of your relationship
image number five you live in harmony
and support each other no matter what
you enjoy every minute spend together
regardless of what you do it can be
rafting or cuddling on the sofa watching
a TV show you always enjoy each other's
company
image number six you two are not the
kind of couple to express your feelings
in public each of you respects the
others wishes interests and opinions
maybe not on social media for all to see
but inside you are the most romantic
souls who endlessly cherished each other
image number seven you have a million
great selfies together you tend to
express your feelings and romantic
gestures in public all your friends
consider you a beautiful couple all the
interest you have in common will never
let you be bored around each other
so would you agree with us have you
recognized yourself or any of your
friends and share this video with them
don't forget to hit the like button
below the video and click subscribe to
stay on the bright side of life
you